UNDERSTANDING THE CUBE:

  Some things to remember:
  * A Rubik's cube only has one solution!
  * That means every piece has a specific place it needs to be.
  * This means there aren't any duplicate pieces
  * The center pieces never move relative to each other!
  * Corners will always be corners, and edges will always be edges.
  * It isn't so much a "cube of cubes" as much as it is a 3d puzzle with 8 corners and 12 edges
  
 STARTING TO SOLVE:
 
  We're going to build the cube step by step, the same way every time.
  We'll start by completing one side, then slowly fill in the rest of the cube.
  * For consistency, always start with the side that has the WHITE center piece
  * If you ever mess up, go back to whichever step necessary to re-build the cube to where it was
  * The goal is to move pieces to their 'correct' or 'solved' positions

1. THE CROSS

  The first step is to find the white center piece, and put the appropriate white edge pieces next to it.
  This will make what we call a white 'cross'.  It will look like a plus sign!
  
  * Don't just put the edges white-side-up, make sure they're in the correct spots!
  * Example:  There is only one edge that is both white and red, so it needs to go between the white and red center pieces.
  * Red goes opposite orange, and green is opposite blue.  
  * Yellow is opposite white, which means we'll save all the yellow pieces for last!
  * This step is largely intuitive, which means you can figure it out like a puzzle.
  * When all four white edges are in the correct spots, move to step 2!
  
 2. WHITE CORNERS
 
  Now that the cross is complete, we have to fill in the white corners in order to finish this layer.
  Place the white side with the cross facing downwards, and look for where the white corners are.
  Once you've found a white corner, orient it between the correct faces as shown.
  Based on which way the white sticker is facing, do the appropriate algorithm to place the corner in the correct spot.
  If one of the white corners is already in the bottom layer but oriented incorrectly, perform any of these algorithms to move it out.
  
  * "Where is the correct place for a corner to go?"
  * EXAMPLE: If you were looking at the WHITE/RED/BLUE corner, it would need to go inbetween the white red and blue center pieces.
    So place it on the top layer inbetween the red and blue sides.  Then perform the algorithm necessary.
    
3. SECOND LAYER EDGES

  Now that the first layer is complete, make sure it's aligned so that the edges match up with the center pieces on the second layer.
  Then, we'll insert the second layer edges in order to complete the second layer.
  Locate any edge in the top layer that doesn't have a yellow sticker.
  Orient the edge until its outward facing sticker is touching the matching colored center piece.
  Then, perform the appropriate algorithm to move the edge to its solved position.
  If an edge is already in the second layer, but oriented incorrectly, put any other edge in its location to move it to the top layer.
 
4. ORIENT LAST LAYER EDGES
  
  Now we need all the yellow edges to have their yellow sticker facing upwards.

  Look at the top layer.  If you see four yellow edges facing upwards, you're done with this step.
  Otherwise, you'll have either two or zero yellow edges facing upwards.
  If possible, orient the top layer as shown into one of the cases shown, and perform the appropriate algorithm.
  
5. ORIENT LAST LAYER CORNERS

  Now we need to get all of the yellow corners facing yellow side up.
  You'll see either zero, one, or two yellow corners facing up.  If you have four corners up, you're already done!
  If you have one yellow corner, place it in the lower left corner and perform the Sune algorithm.
  This might need to be done multiple times!
  If you have zero or two corners facing up, orient the top layer until a yellow sticker is facing either of the two ways shown
  in the diagram, and then perform the Sune.
  
6.

  PERMUTE LAST LAYER CORNERS
  
  Look for what cubers call "headlights".  Find a side of the top layer where both the corners have matching colors.
  Orient the top layer so that the "headlights" are facing the back, and perform the algorithm.
  If you don't have any headlights, perform the algorithm from any orientation in order to get them, then proceed as normal.
  Once all four sides have "headlights", you're done!
  
7.

  PERMUTE LAST LAYER EDGES
  
  See if any sides have all three stickers matching.
  If so, place that side in the back and perform the algorithm until the cube is solved!
  (You might need to do the algorithm twice)
  If you don't have any side with three matching stickers, do the algorithm from any orientation, then look again.
